WOMAN:
Oh, Billy...
Please don't leave me alone.
(screaming)
BILLY:
Guess who.
WOMAN:
Oh!
(gasps happily)
Is it really over?
BILLY:
Yes, Sally May, it is.
SALLY MAY:
Really and truly?
BILLY:
I'm here now,
and as long as I'm with you,
everything is gonna be A-OK.
SALLY:
Promise?
BILLY:
Promise.
You're my hero, Billy.
And I think
you're swell, Sally May.
(romantic music swells)
Cole?
Phoebe. Hi.
Just a little trick
I learned
from the demon of illusion.
But what...
...Am I doing in here?
Uh, I wasn't sure
how you'd react.
I thought
this might be a safer way
of letting you know
I was back... for good.
PRUE:
So, um, I had a really good
time tonight, Justin.
Did you?
I mean, really?
The reason I ask is you
seem kind of quiet.
Uh, no, it's just
that, you know,
I've got a lot
on my mind
with Piper getting
married and everything.
Sure.
Of course, if I was
the paranoid type,
I'd be thinking
it was because of me.
Don't be ridiculous.
So, uh, are we still on
for lunch tomorrow?
Yeah, pick me up
at 1:00?
It's a date.
Okay.
Good night.
G'night.
Hey.
Gee, Prue, it's only 9:00,
and your date's already over?
How very Disney of you.
(forced laugh)
Justin has a meeting
early in the morning.
PIPER:
I see. So, did
you decide
if you're going to invite
him to the wedding?
No. I'm stalling.
I mean,
you know, he's a
nice guy, he's sweet,
but he's just
so predictable.
You know,
there's no mystery,
no savoir faire.
You know, besides,
a wedding invite
definitely makes
a statement.
That he can tie a bowtie?
No, that the
relationship is serious.
You know, that it's
going somewhere.
All that
built-in romance,
mingling with the family,
hidden tensions...
Hmm, all the more reason to have
a nice, simple, private wedding.
Nice, try mister.
Okay, wedding
planner--
tomorrow at 11:00.
No getting out of it,
no orbing out of it,
nothing.
Don't even try it.
I don't know.
I just don't want her
to set herself up
for a big disappointment.
I mean, how do you have
a normal wedding
when a ghost will be presiding
and the groom's dead?
Leo, don't even try
and figure it out, all right?
It's the Cinderella complex.
Every girl
goes through it.
I've been dreaming of this day
my entire life.
Piper's wedding?
No, mine.
I mean, I'm the oldest.
I'm supposed to do
everything first.
I'm supposed to talk first
and get braces and get
a boyfriend and find a husband.
PIPER:
Hey, Prue?
Can I borrow
your lipstick?
What?
Lipstick.
I'm out. Do you mind?
Sure, knock yourself out.
You're welcome.
Listen, speaking
of Phoebe, don't you
think it's time you
let her off the hook
a little? I mean,
she came clean about Cole.
Leo, you can't just
pretend to vanquish a demon
and then two months later say,
"Gee, guys,
I'm sorry, I didn't."
I know, but for what it's worth,
I don't think she wants him back
in her life any more.
Maybe not, but that doesn't mean
he's not gonna try
and kill us again.
(squeaking)
Dantalian.
Priestess Dantalian.
Were you successful?
She's as beautiful
as you said she'd be.
You're certain
this has touched her lips?
Absolutely.
I watched her all night.
Not to be ungrateful,
but what do you get
out of making Prue
Halliwell my wife?
I'm a humble servant
of the Source, Zile.
I get nothing...
...other than
the benefits we all reap
whenever good is turned to evil.
Still, for all the unions
you've consecrated,
it seems you should
get something.
Especially
for this one.
There is a spoil...
...that intrigues me.
The Halliwell Book of Shadows
is said to be
the most magical of all tomes.
The witches'Book of Shadows?
That shouldn't be
too hard to get.
This one is.
Evil can't touch it.
Although turning Prue evil
should turn her sisters
and their Book
evil, as well.
Their magic's interconnected.
Well, then I'll get
it for you myself.
As a token
of my gratitude.
First things first.
Getting the witch here
so I can perform
the ceremony,
that's what this potion is for.
Kiss her
and it paralyzes her.
After I bind you
in marriage,
she'll fall into a deep sleep
where the transformation
to evil will occur.
PIPER:
Okay, so the more
traditional the better,
as far
as I'm concerned.
The wedding march
starts and I come
down the stairs...
So no flower girl?
Uh... I don't know.
Do I?
Well, unless you want to ask
Kate down the street.
LEO:
Great idea.
Maybe she can bring some
of her fairy friends.
Or trolls, even better.
Trolls?
PRUE:
Uh, right.
Trolls, uh...
our father's side
of the family
is very short.
Right, let's skip
the flower girl.
(quietly):
Right.
WOMAN:
Well, I think we
should at least
dress the banister
with garlands.
Maybe even carry
the floral theme all
the way to the altar.
Oh...!
How many guests are
you planning on?
Uh... let me think.
50? 60?
60? Like who?
Well, there's all
the people
from P3,
friends and Darryl and Dad, Mom.
Uh... Mom?
Piper, I don't
really think
that you can count her.
MAN:
We'll have to
if she's going to eat.
Oh, trust me, she
won't be eating.
I thought your mother passed on.
Mm-hmm.
Right, she did. Um...
I just meant
I hope
she's there in spirit.
Oh.
You're right,
that doesn't count.
Now, have you thought
about what hors d'oeuvres
you'd like, by any chance?
Um...
Pigs in a blanket?
(laughing)
Leo, I was, I was hoping
for something
a bit more elegant.
(phone ringing)
I'll get that.
Excuse us.
We still need to place
the ice sculpture.
Hello?
What is the matter
with you?
Why are you doing this?
Because this is a disaster
waiting to happen, that's why.
Ah, well,
keep that up and it will be.
Piper, I love you,
and I want nothing
more for you
than to have your
dream wedding,
but you are kidding
yourself with this.
We don't need wedding planners,
we just need us.
You may not need wedding
planners, but I do.
I don't want to have
to worry about anything,
and therefore,
if I have to fight
a demon in
the morning,
I know that the flowers
will still be there on time.
It's not the flowers
I'm worried about,
it's the guests, as in how do
we explain everything to them?
I mean a whitelighter
marrying a witch
is hardly
traditional.
Obviously.
Okay, Justin, uh, I'll
meet you there. Bye.
Hey, Phoebe.
I'm running late for school.
Okay. Do you want a ride?
Isn't Justin picking you up
for lunch?
Well, his car broke down,
so I'm meeting him there.
And I thought that, uh,
we could talk, you know?
Try and put this whole
Cole situation behind us.
I gotta go.
Okay, tell me
the truth.
Do you think
I'm overdoing it
with the wedding stuff?
Hello?
Uh, okay, why is Phoebe
going to school
without her books?
Okay, why is Prue
not answering Piper's question?
Maybe because she doesn't want
both of her sisters
not speaking to her.
Um, okay, I have
to go meet Justin.
Can I have my lipstick back?
What lipstick?
The one that you borrowed
last night at the club.
Wasn't me.
Right. I must have gotten you
confused with another Piper.
Uh. Huh.
Okay, you have fun
with what's
going on here,
'cause it looks great.
Okay, bye.
Cole?
Phoebe?
I knew you'd know
where to find me.
That is for ruining
my favorite movie.
And, oh, yeah,
my life, too.
Phoebe...
I don't want
to hear it, Cole.
I'm over you.
I want nothing
to do with you any more.
I don't believe that.
Oh, yeah?
Well, believe it, because
if I ever see you again,
I'm gonna do what
I should have done
a long time ago, which is
vanquish your sorry ass.
Apparently distance
hasn't exactly
made the heart
grow fonder.
Huh.
Phoebe, wait.
Hey!
Look, I took a huge risk
coming out in the open
and contacting you.
Least you can do is hear me out.
I've been
hiding this whole time,
shimmering from realm
to realm to realm
to keep the Source
from realizing
you didn't
vanquish my sorry ass.
You're the only one
who knows I'm alive.
Actually, that's not true.
I couldn't keep
lying to my sisters,
I had to tell them.
Okay.
That's okay.
I understand.
As long as you didn't tell Leo.
Oh, for God's sake, Phoebe.
Why don't you just
put an ad in the paper,
tell the whole damn world?
You know what,
maybe I should have.
I've risked my life
for you, Phoebe-- my soul.
I've put myself in more danger
coming back here
than you could possibly imagine.
Because I want to try
and figure out a way
to make this work between us.
Good and evil
can't work together.
We did before.
I learned from my mistake.
So did I.
Phoebe, I can suppress
my demonic half
just like I suppressed my human
half before we met.
I can be good.
You've seen that.
And if you know I can,
then why can't we be together?
It's too late.
(classical music
playing softly)
(low, indistinct
conversation)
Hey.
Sorry about my car.
Thanks for meeting me here.
Oh, that's okay.
It's not a, uh... problem.
What?
Nothing.
You know, I really should sell
that old thing,
but I don't know--
I kind of like having something
not so predictable
in this day and age.
Know what I mean?
Right.
So, you don't think of yourself
as predictable?
Me?
Pardon me.
Beringer
private reserve.
Yes, thank you.
Predictable?
Hardly.
Right.
(clears throat)
Hey, Justin.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
I'm picking up Prue for lunch.
PHOEBE:
Piper?
Is something wrong?
I'm not sure.
What's up?
Where's Prue?
I don't know.
At the restaurant,
I guess.
Supposedly meeting Justin.
No, I told her
I'd pick her up here.
Okay, so you didn't call
this morning
and tell her that your car broke
down and you'd meet her there?
No.
(chuckling)
Oh, no, no,
I have to work this afternoon.
Well, so your photograph's
a little fuzzy.
Call it avant-garde.
(phone ringing)
Oh.
How important can it be?
What?
Can I ask you a favor?
Sure.
Last night when we kissed
good-bye it was...
I don't know... not great.
Yeah.
How about we try it again?
See if we can't do it
a little better?
Come on.
What's the worst
that could happen?
Where am I?
I can't move.
My apologies.
It's true--
Every bride is beautiful
on her wedding day.
Find her?
Not yet.
We're screwed.
Leo, what did you find out?
Nothing.
Okay, now we're screwed.
PIPER:
Nothing on the map,
nothing in the Book.
Leo, somebody must
know something.
Well, the Elders support your
shape-shifting warlock theory,
but they can't get a clear
read on the situation.
Wait, so Prue's vanished
from your radar
and something's jamming theirs?
Something like that.
But she can't
be dead;
they'd be able to sense that no
matter how evil is interfering.
Okay, then what's going on?
What are we up against?
PIPER:
Something
powerful enough
to keep us from finding her.
LEO:
Well, you knew as
your powers grew,
evil's would, too.
Yeah, so powerful that we can't
figure out who they are,
let alone how to fight them--
that sucks!
All right, what we
need to figure out
is why a warlock
wants Prue alive.
Well, it can't just be
for her powers.
I mean they wouldn't
need to keep her alive
to get them.
Unless it's an upper level
warlock which wants...
...All of our powers.
PIPER:
But we still have
the same problem--
no idea how to find her.
It's too bad you vanquished
that demonic bounty hunter.
Could've helped.
Right.
Where are you going?
I have a hunch.
Wait for me.
Shall we begin?
I'm ready.
I hope so.
In the beginning,
we were damned,
and through damnation
we found freedom,
power, and purpose.
As I unite you today,
I remind you of those gifts.
And, in your union,
may these gifts increase,
so your powers may grow
in the service of
evil.
So be it.
How long before her
transformation is complete?
Sundown.
Can you wait that long?
ZILE:
For the power
of the Charmed Ones?
I can wait a few hours.
Let me be the first
to congratulate you.
(laughs quietly)
(groggily):
Why?
Because I'm tired of bestowing
great power on others.
The Halliwell
Book of Shadows
is the key to unbelievable
power... for me.
Evil will spread
from this sister
to the other two
and from them to the Book
and once the Book is evil,
it'll be mine.
And I will be
unstoppable.
But know this--
I will enjoy killing all of you.
Cole? Cole?!
Please, if you can
hear me, I...
I was beginning
to think
I'd never see you again.
I'm not here because of us.
I need you to help me,
and if you do,
it doesn't change anything
between us.
You have to know that.
Hmm.
I'm listening.
Prue was taken
by a warlock.
Do you know which one?
We think he's
a shape-shifter,
but the weird thing is
is nobody from our side
can get a read
on where he's hiding her.
Well, that doesn't make sense.
Warlocks don't have
that kind of power.
He must be working with
somebody that does.
Certain dignitaries have
the power to shield
their activities:
demonic judges,
dark priests, anyone who
needs privacy for rituals.
What kind of rituals?
To accomplish what?
It's hard to say.
It could be anything.
They may want your Book.
We all want your Book.
Really?
I wanted the Book...
...at first.
Well, how can we find out
who wants it now?
I could check around
but I'd risk demons finding out
I was still alive.
I'm sure there's still a huge
bounty on my head.
I want my sister back.
No matter the cost?
I'm doing this for you--
know that.
Now I'm really confused.
Me, too. I, uh...
I don't... I don't know
where that came from.
Okay.
Uh, I better go.
Listen, if you don't hear back
from me,
I, um...
I got caught.
(footsteps approaching)
I thought you said there
was nothing in the Book.
Well, now there's
just a whole bunch
of weirdness in it.
Look.
Hemlock killing spell?
That doesn't belong in here.
But it does have possibilities.
Piper...
I'm sorry. I-I don't know
what I was...
LEO:
Piper?
In here. Somehow.
You blinked.
I did not!
Only warlocks do that.
Piper, you did it.
Hey.
Where have you been?
Uh... brainstorming.
How's it going here?
Your sister's blinking.
I-I'm... I'm sorry, what?
Okay, I admit,
it was definitely weird,
but it was kind of fun.
I was... I was in there,
and I was thinking
about the kitchen,
and then suddenly,
boom, here I was.
That is so cool.
Except that it's
a warlock's power.
PHOEBE:
So what?
They're always trying to get
one of ours.
It's about time
we get one of theirs.
Try it, Pheebs.
PHOEBE:
Okay, what do I do?
Just think?
And blink.
Catch us if you can!
Have you tried it yet, Leo?
It's a real head rush.
Do you realize
how serious this is?
You're blinking.
The Book is changing.
Maybe we're blinking
because of the Book.
The Book is changing
because of you.
It is an extension of you.
Huh. I should care
about that...
but I don't.
This is what
I was afraid of.
Whoever's got Prue is
somehow reaching you, too.
Okay, Leo, I can tell
this really upsets you,
but I got to tell you,
I really like this whole
"think it and it happens" deal--
I mean, just think
of the time we could save
not chanting.
Mm-hmm.
Piper, Phoebe,
you have to fight this.
(doorbell rings)
Oh!
Or we could
answer the door.
For Prue's sake, stop!
Don't tell me what to do.
Ooh...
Phoebe, I need your help.
I am so tired of helping people.
So glad you're home--
we have some new floral sketches
we'd like you to see.
LEO:
Now's not really a good time.
They're welcome to come in, Leo.
I've revisited the dinner menu,
Piper,
and you are going
to be thrilled.
I have some dynamic
choices that I...
I want pigs in blankets.
(laughing)
WOMAN:
It's nice
to see a bride
who still has a sense of humor
this close
to the big day.
No.
I want pigs in blankets!
(woman screams, gasps)
(Phoebe laughing)
(grunting, squeaking)
Marie seems very scared.
PIPER:
I always had her pegged
as an ice queen.
Oh! What a great idea.
(gasps)
Now,there is a freezing
power with kick!
Have you guys lost
your minds?
PHOEBE:
Oh, Leo,
get on board.
Whatever it is,
this is fabulous.
You can't imagine
the freedom,
the power.
Phoebe, that is
evil talking.
You have to fight it.
What did you ever see in him?
I don't know-- he is kind of
a stick in the mud, isn't he?
Oh,
another great idea.
May I?
Be my guest.
All right, think about
the power of evi...
Oh.
Mm.
Oh... Look at all the fun
we've been missing.
And this is just the beginning.
See you, Leo.
(oinking)
(creatures screeching
in distance)
Just the beginning.
(grunting quietly)
Uh!
Oh, you know,
it's your wedding.
Shouldn't the
first kill be yours?
(pig squeals, grunts)
This is too easy.
It's boring.
I want to do something
bigger.
Count me in.
You know, if what's happening
to us is happening to Prue...
...Then the power of three
can be truly amazing.
We have to find her.
But first we need
to clean house.
(exhales)
I'm sorry, uh... (snorts),
what were you saying?
You're fired!
(both yell, grunt)
(laughs)
(sighs)
Oh, no!
What are we gonna do
with the stick in the mud?
Wait! I think we can
have some fun with it.
What happened
to Craig and Marie?
Oh, they flew right out of here.
Scared the hell out of 'em.
Leo, we need to find Prue.
Good, Phoebe, focus on that--
it'll help you resist the evil.
Uh, the only thing
we're resisting is
the desire to rip you to pieces
and have you for lunch.
PIPER:
But if you help us
find Prue,
we'll leave you alone...
for the moment.
(ethereal whoosh)
Oh...
Oh, Leo, ignore them.
What do they know?
They're backing a losing team.
They're revoking my assignment.
What? They can't do that.
You haven't done
anything wrong...
yet.
You did.
You gave in to evil.
You've relinquished
your right
to a whitelighter.
I'm sorry.
Well...
Oh, no. He's gone.
We're free!
Yes.
No more obeying the rules,
considering the consequences,
none of that crap!
Time to find Prue
and go for broke.
Where are you going?
Well, I can't wreak havoc
dressed like this.
Oh.
(gasps)
Phoebe.
Cole.
You're okay.
(sighs):
Yeah...
barely.
Any demons spot you?
Just one.
Oh, no.
No worries-- he won't be
telling anybody anything.
The big bad Belthazor
strikes again.
Not anything I'm proud of.
Why not? You should be.
(clears throat):
Phoebe, if what
I found out is true,
Prue's in serious trouble.
She's been forced
to marry a warlock.
Figures that bitch would
steal Piper's thunder.
(chuckles):
You don't understand.
A high-level priestess
named Dantalian
is rumored to have
married them,
and she's got the power
to turn Prue evil
and... turn you evil, too.
That's what's...
happening here.
So?
Isn't that the way
you want me?
No...
That is not how
I want you to be.
It's not how
I want us to be.
Our only chance is if
we're both... good.
Love is love.
There's no such thing
as evil love, it's just
gratification, lust.
You know what, Cole?
Your human half
is kind of preachy.
I think I want Belthazor back.
He's not coming back.
Oh, no?
I... want... Belthazor!
(growls)
(exhales):
That's more like it.
(knocking)
PIPER:
Phoebe?
What are you doing?
Dantalian's coming
for your Book.
You better be ready.
What's going on in here?
Nothing, unfortunately.
I heard voices.
Oh, did you?
Um, I had a premonition.
Must've gotten pretty loud.
I guess.
We got to go.
The high priestess
that has Prue,
supposedly she's coming here.
High prie...
Must have been
a hell of a premonition.
DANTALIAN:
Eno dante
in exel cour
demo lexa sempero.
It's time.
That was easy.
Too easy.
(grunts)
(gasps)
Where's our sister?
I can help you.
I can teach you evil.
You're new at it.
You don't know how
to realize it's
full potential.
I don't know, I think
we're getting the hang of it.
Want to see?
Where's Prue?
Kill me,
and you'll never see her again.
PIPER:
Hm.
So maybe we should just...
torture you instead!
(Dantalian screaming)
Why don't you just shatter
her hand and see what happens.
(Dantalian panting)
Last chance.
Fine.
(screaming)
Ow.
(Dantalian gasping)
Now...
the really weird thing is,
we could do that
to the other hand,
and then go down
to your feet...
Actually, we
could work up,
piece by piece,
all the way to her head.
Where is Prue?
I just couldn't leave
like that, Piper.
Oh!
What's going on?
Well, you just
helped her to escape.
That's what's going on.
Smash him.
Hi-yah!
Bastard.
(crunching)
(gasping)
Death alone will not suffice,
my dear bride.
Not any more.
Not after this.
(eerie voice whispering)
(gasps)
Welcome to my hell.
So what are we
supposed to do now?
I don't know.
Kill innocents?
No, I mean about Prue.
How are we supposed
to find her without the Book?
Shouldn't you be mourning
the loss of your beloved Leo?
Oh, Phoebe, I'm serious.
That was one
pissed-off priestess,
and if she kills Prue,
she takes the evil power
of three along with her
and we won't stand a chance.
Good point.
We have to find Prue.
Wait a minute.
We're warlocks, right?
We should be able to
blink wherever we want.
But we don't know
where to blink to.
We don't have
to know where.
Just to who.
To Prue.
I mean, isn't that how
Leo's orbing power worked?
Yeah, but his power
was jammed.
He couldn't find her.
That's because he was good.
And we're evil.
"Through this book,
weave this spell,
"create the pain
of heaven to hell
may she suffer.."
Whoa.
We there yet?
Prue.
Too late.
I've got the Book.
Yeah, well, you know
it takes a while
to learn how to use it.
Trust us.
How about, in the meantime,
I freeze your head
and shatter it?
"Exmor dimpress anamatoom."
I may not be powerful enough
to fight you yet, but they are.
PIPER:
Whoa, Prue...
Hey, hi.
You don't look
so good.
Oh, but that's a great dress.
DANTALIAN:
Zile, Prue,
eliminate them.
Prue, ignore her.
Come on,
come with us.
We're your sisters.
I'm his wife, not your sister.
All right,
I'll take that as a "no."
Okay, we have to figure out
a way to get Prue on our side
and fast.
How about we get her a divorce?
Don't want to shatter
the wrong sister now, do you?
I love you.
You, too.
Welcome to planet Narcissus.
Wait a minute--
Cole said that evil can't love.
Cole?!
Uh, never mind.
The point is
she didn't say
"I love you, too."
Uh, she's the warlock,
freeze her!
Well, shatter her,
hurry!
No!
Die!
What's going on?
I think we're back.
All of us.
(squeals)
The Book is back, too.
Let's go do something
good with it.
"Powers of light,
magic of right,
cast this blight
into forever's night."
(wailing)
Well,
that was the wedding from hell.
Although...
I guess I was the first
to get married, after all.
Oh, no-- Leo.
What?
We killed him.
(sobbing)
Oh, Leo.
(sobs)
Oh, thank God you're okay.
Actually, it had more to do
with what you guys did.
Vanquishing Zile broke the bond
and reversed all
the evil you had done.
PHOEBE:
I just hope
the wedding planners
don't remember
what we did to them.
Unfortunately, they will.
But I doubt they'll
believe what happened.
And, unfortunately, you will.
PHOEBE:
Oh, yeah, Leo,
sorry we killed you.
It's okay, Phoebe.
It wasn't the real you--
or you, Piper.
PRUE:
Wasn't it?
I mean, on some level,
it was me, I felt it.
They didn't just
plant evil inside of me
or us for that matter.
There had to be something there
for them to turn to begin with.
LEO:
That doesn't make
you evil, Prue.
You have to choose to be evil
voluntarily.
Well, I got to admit it--
it was kind of fun.
Phoebe.
Well, it was fun for a while.
I mean, to be able to
do whatever we wanted,
whenever we wanted,
with no consequences.
My fiancé being
shattered into
a gazillion pieces
is a kind of
consequence.
Thank you.
Mm.
Still, I kind of understand
what Phoebe's saying.
Wait, you do?
Oh, am I detecting
a thaw in our rift?
All I'm saying is
if evil weren't enticing,
why would there be any?
I mean, you know,
to pretend that
we're never attracted to it is,
it's like pretending
that it just doesn't exist.
Uh-oh.
Something tells me
Cole's name is about
to be brought up.
Look, I definitely
do not like the fact
that you lied to us
about vanquishing him.
But I have to admit
after taking a trip
down the dark side,
I sort of understand it
a little bit better.
The problem now
is that I realize that Justin
is just so boring.
LEO:
Well, scratch
one name
off the wedding guest list.
Actually, scratch them all.
I cave.
Our lives are just
way too bizarre
to have
any sort of normal wedding.
I don't know
what I was thinking.
Phoebe, by the way,
you never mentioned where you
got that premonition from.
What premonition?
The one that told us
about Dantalian?
The one that saved our butts?
Right.
Um, you know, something tells me
that you wouldn't believe me
if I told you, anyway,
so, let's just say
I got in touch
with my evil side.
Something that
I will never do again.
How'd it go?
Everything's back
to normal again.
Good.
Yeah.
It's not enough, is it?
What I did
doesn't change your mind
about us, does it?
No.
Why not?
It's too complicated.
Oh, don't give me that.
If nothing else, let's at least
be honest with each other.
We owe that.
Uh...
I love you.
And I will always love you.
Nothing can change that.
It's just...
the temptation, it's too much.
And I can't take
that risk
for me or my sisters.
Phoebe, I'm telling you,
I'm not evil any more.
Maybe not
on the surface.
And maybe not even
in your heart.
But somewhere inside of you...
you will always be.
And you can't ever change that.
Good-bye.
I'm not giving up, Phoebe.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(softly):
I'm not going away.